Updates API ref for jobs. Adds doc on Kubernetes Scheduler persistent (#4256)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/api/jobs_api.md

The jobs API is currently in alpha.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

> By default, Job data is not resilient to [Scheduler]({{< ref scheduler.md >}}) service restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, job data is not resilient to [Scheduler]({{< ref scheduler.md >}}) service restarts.
```

### URL parameters

> > **At least one of `schedule` or `dueTime` must be provided, but they can also be provided together**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
At least one of `schedule` or `dueTime` must be provided, but they can also be provided together.
{{% /alert %}}
```

Parameter | Description
--------- | -----------
`name` | Name of the job you're scheduling

> `data` | A protobuf message `@type` `value` pair. `@type` must be of a [well-known type](https://protobuf.dev/reference/protobuf/google.protobuf). Value is the serialized data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data` | A protobuf message `@type`/`value` pair. `@type` must be of a [well-known type](https://protobuf.dev/reference/protobuf/google.protobuf). `value` is the serialized data.
```

> `schedule` | schedule is an optional schedule at which the job is to be run. Details of the format are below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`schedule` | An optional schedule at which the job is to be run. Details of the format are below.
```

> `dueTime` | dueTime is the optional time at which the job should be active, or the "one shot" time if other scheduling type fields are not provided. Accepts a "point in time" string in the format of RFC3339, Go duration string (calculated from creation time), or non-repeating ISO8601.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dueTime` | An optional time at which the job should be active, or the "one shot" time, if other scheduling type fields are not provided. Accepts a "point in time" string in the format of RFC3339, Go duration string (calculated from creation time), or non-repeating ISO8601.
```

> `repeats` | repeats is the optional number of times in which the job should be triggered. If not set, the job will run indefinitely or until expiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`repeats` | An optional number of times in which the job should be triggered. If not set, the job runs indefinitely or until expiration.
```

> `ttl` | ttl is the optional time to live or expiration of the job. Accepts a "point in time" string in the format of RFC3339, Go duration string (calculated from job creation time), or non-repeating ISO8601.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ttl` | An optional time to live or expiration of the job. Accepts a "point in time" string in the format of RFC3339, Go duration string (calculated from job creation time), or non-repeating ISO8601.
```

#### schedule

> `schedule` accepts both systemd timer style cron expressions, as well as human readable '@' prefixed period strings as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`schedule` accepts both systemd timer-style cron expressions, as well as human readable '@' prefixed period strings, as defined below.
```

Code | Description
---- | -----------
`204`  | Accepted
`400`  | Request was malformed
`500`  | Request formatted correctly, error in dapr code or Scheduler control plane service

### Response content

The following example curl command creates a job, naming the job `jobforjabba` and specifying the `schedule`, `repeats` and the `data`.

```bash
$ curl -X POST \
  http://localhost:3500/v1.0-alpha1/jobs/jobforjabba \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json"
  -d '{
        "job": {
            "data": {
	            "@type": "type.googleapis.com/google.protobuf.StringValue",
	            "value": "Running spice"
            },

>             "scheudle": "@every 1m",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "schedule": "@every 1m",
```

            "repeats": 5
        }
    }'

> ```

Reviewer 3: new request body should be:

```
curl -X POST \
  http://localhost:3500/v1.0-alpha1/jobs/jobforjabba \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
        "data": {
            "@type": "type.googleapis.com/google.protobuf.StringValue",
            "value": "Running spice"
        },
        "schedule": "@every 1m",
        "repeats": 5
    }'
```
